fix consumer.override prefix in kafka connect sink docs (#6161)
ClickHouse/clickhouse-docs: docs/integrations/data-ingestion/kafka/kafka-clickhouse-connect-sink.md

On Confluent Cloud, adjustment of these settings requires opening a support case through Confluent Cloud.  
:::  

> :::important

Reviewer: Wondering if an admonition is the right call here. Considering it's section with a decent amount of content, it might be better as it's own subheader.

> These are **sink connector consumer settings**, not global Kafka Connect configuration. The ClickHouse Kafka Connect Sink is a sink connector - it consumes messages from Kafka topics - so it uses consumer-level settings. Source connectors (which produce to Kafka) use `producer.*` / `producer.override.*` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are **sink connector consumer settings**, not global Kafka Connect configuration. The ClickHouse Kafka Connect Sink consumes messages from Kafka topics, so it's tuned with consumer-level settings. Source connectors (which produce to Kafka) use `producer.*` / `producer.override.*` instead.
```

Rewording suggestion here, reads less densely.

There are two scopes for these settings, each requiring a different prefix:

> - **Worker-level** (`consumer.*`): Set in the Kafka Connect worker properties file (e.g. `connect-distributed.properties`). Applies to all sink connectors on that worker. Use this when you want a default across all sink connectors on the cluster - for example, if you run 10 sink connectors and want them all to use the same `max.poll.records` unless individually overridden, set `consumer.max.poll.records=5000` in `connect-distributed.properties`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Worker-level** (`consumer.*`): Set in the Kafka Connect worker properties file (e.g. `connect-distributed.properties`). Applies to all sink connectors on that worker. Use this when you want a default across all sink connectors on the cluster. For example, if you run 10 sink connectors and want them all to use the same `max.poll.records` unless individually overridden, set `consumer.max.poll.records=5000` in `connect-distributed.properties`.
```

This reads a little dense, I would split into sentences vs using an em dash here.

> - **Connector-level** (`consumer.override.*`): Set in the individual connector's config JSON (via the REST API or UI). Applies only to that specific connector. Use this when one connector needs different tuning from the worker default - for example, if one high-throughput ClickHouse sink needs `max.poll.records=10000` while the rest stay at the worker default, set `"consumer.override.max.poll.records": "10000"` in that connector's JSON config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Connector-level** (`consumer.override.*`): Set in the individual connector's config JSON (via the REST API or UI). Applies only to that specific connector. Use this when one connector needs different tuning from the worker default. For example, if one high-throughput ClickHouse sink needs `max.poll.records=10000` while the rest stay at the worker default, set `"consumer.override.max.poll.records": "10000"` in that connector's JSON config.
```

Same as above, suggestion to have it read a little bit more smoothly.
